# CS-250 
8-2 Journal

I find that to understand a user’s needs the best best approach is to ask, so I need to know what the project is and what the vision is. The SNHU Travel is an example of this, we want to create a travel booking site, knowing this we can ask users “Where do you like to vacation?” for example, and get more detailed information going forward, this can be done through surveys, targeted groups and stakeholders’ feedback. Now to implement this data, we create “User Stories” this is where the data is cleaned, prioritized and organized. We may use 3 users, or 30 users, the stories will depend on how detailed we want or need to be. Due to Agiles method, if we need to change, add or remove stories, this can easily be done with little repercussions.
My approach to developing programs will adjust to the project, I personally think that Agile is a much more developer friendly approach, leading to better success. I believe that making changes on the fly are important, as this can keep the code clean and organized, I find that rarely do we accomplish much alone, so almost everything we do requires teamwork, trust and communication, and Agile encourages this throughout all projects. I will always incorporate these in future projects, whether programing, analyzing or just about anything I do.
To be a good team member in software development is the same as being a good team member anywhere, to start with listening, even if you are the one leading the team, always listen to the team. Consider all ideals and options, for example: Just because someone is new, that doesn’t mean that they don’t see something the entire team missed. We all experience things differently, this can lead to some great views. So I would say at the end, communication, trust and an open mindedness can lead to a great team member.
